[Autogenerated] there is a message waiting in the queue for the back end.
So obviously we now need to connect the back and to rather than
queue so that I can process this message.
This is very similar to what we've just done with the front end.
The spring Boot application class for the beckoned is class
Globomantics Service application just as in the front end.
Well configured unnecessary spring integration components using XML.
So there's an import resource annotation here to include the XML
configuration file to receive messages from rabid MQ.
We will use it channel adapter again.
Since we're now receiving messages,
we'll use an inbound channel adapter using the Q names.
Attribute,
we tell it that we want to receive messages from the queue
named Globomantics Start registration request.
Note that intelligent displaced is que name in red because for some reason it
thinks that this name should be the name of a spring bean.
But that's wrong.
It looks like that's a small bug and IntelliJ.
Next,
we tell the channel adaptor to put the messages that it receives on
the Spring Integration Channel named from Rabbit,
which will also have to define the messages that were receiving on
the From Rabbit Channel have adjacent payload.
Let's add a JSON to object transformer the opposite off the object
to JSON transformer that you used in the front,
and to translate a JSON payload back to Aneta de Registration.
Java object.
Well,
let the transformers and it's output messages to a
channel named Registration regressed.
Finally,
we will define a service activator that receives messages from
the registration Request Channel and that caused the register
method on the registration service, just like we error previously.
Let's start the back and application in the logging.
You'll see that it has received the message from rather than
queue immediately after starting up and that it has saved the
registration in its database.
You can connect to the age to console,
which is now running on local host sport 80 81 see that
the registration is in the database.
So there we are.
We now have separate front and back and application that can exchange messages.
Fire rabid, MQ.
In this example project I've used XML configuration,
as you've learned earlier Spring integration provides
different ways to configure components with XML,
Java annotations or the spring integration domain specific language.
There are pros and cons to each of these options.
I've used XML here because it was clear and simple for this example,
the spring integration named Space Partners,
which convert your XML configuration to spring beans to a lot off work
for you under the hood to set up everything correctly.
As a bonus,
I've also included the version off the Example project that we worked with
in this module with Java configuration instead of XML.
In the examples that you can download with this course,
I'm not going to explain it in detail here,
but you can take a look at it yourself to learn what you would need to do.
If you would want to use Jennifer Configuration instead of XML,
you will see that it's a bit more involved,
since there are some components that you don't have to configure
yourself that are configured automatically for you.
When you use XML,
you will have to have a better understanding of the
spring integration components. To do this, I've added comments to the source code to explain it as well as I can